I greet you in Jesus precious name. It is Monday morning, the 7 November 2022. And this is your friend, Angus Buchan with a thought for the day. The Book of Romans, chapter three, three and verse 23. For all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. I remember a few years ago going to the Pretoria Central Prison. I've been to prisons all over the world. I've been to under 21 prison in Scotland. I've been to a maximum security prison in New Zealand, where I've seen some of the biggest men in my life just pumping iron all day long. I've been to Northern Ireland, to prisons, and going through those security gates one after another is quite a daunting thing. Walking past the gallows where the guilty were marched to be hung, they tell me. Apparently, they would sing hymns on their way to the gallows as they were marched to their end. When I went to Pretoria Maximum Security Prison, I heard a male choir singing for us. Before I addressed the inmates about 50 strong, all dressed in their orange overalls, serving their time for the things that they had done wrong. Now, I've had the privilege of listening to some of the top music groups in the world, but really, very rarely have I been brought to tears by their singing like I was when I heard these inmates singing with no accompaniment of any musical instruments, it was like the Lord visited us. And when I got up to speak, the Lord gave me such a love for these men who were put in prison, some for life. And they'd made mistakes. Oh, yes. And they were paying the price. Some had made some very bad ones, but nevertheless, they were in jail and they were serving their sentences. And they looked at me, their arms crossed and some of them looking quite angry. And I said to them, man, the only difference between you and me is that you have got caught. And I never got caught. And straight away, they put their arms down, they relaxed and they started to identify with me. And then we felt the presence of the Holy Spirit tangibly come down upon us. I want to say to you today that Jesus says if you look at a man with hatred in your heart, you've committed murder. If you look at a woman with lust in your heart, you've committed adultery. So therefore, all of us are guilty and all of us have fallen short of the glory of God. So we need to extend more grace and more mercy upon those who have made mistakes and who have fallen today and love people, especially the unlovely. And the Lord will honor you for that. Jesus bless you and goodbye.